Add runner option to playwright (#36)
marksandspencer/nx-plugins: packages/nx-playwright/README.md

yarn nx e2e <APP-NAME>-e2e
```

## Execution Flags

`nx-playwright` has some flags that you can utilize at execution time

- `--browser=BROWSER_TYPE`: allowed browser types being `chromium`, `firefox` or `webkit` (or an `all` type to execute against all 3 types)
- `--format=FORMAT_TYPE`: this allows values such as `json` or `html`
- `--headed`: launches the browsers in non-headless mode
- `--skipServe`: skips the execution of a devServer

> - `--timeout=TIMEOUT_IN_MS`: adds a timeout for your tests

Reviewer: This documentation can possible be re-located, or re-worded, but removing it makes the plugin less clear

i'd suggest adding an explanatory line like

    nx e2e my-app-e2e --browser=firefox --headed --skipServe

Author: These changes have been reverted for now - see latest comment

> The following options can be passed as the `"options"` field in the `"e2e"` target in project.json:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following options can be passed as values for `e2e.options` in `project.json`:
```

Reviewer 2: If you implement the suggestion below (ie, linking directly to `schema.d.ts`), you'll need to tweak the suggested changes above.
